This is the list of fixed bugs up to the current version. If you find
a bug, please report it to the authors of the project (see AUTHORS).
Make sure to include in your report detailed info about your system,
"./configure" options supplied at compile-time and everything you
consider useful to reproduce the bug (if the game was compiled with
the --enable-xml-logs=yes option and run with the --savelog runtime
option, please attach the XML file as well).

* Earlier releases of nullify had a compile-time error on some systems because
  of mismatching versions of libpng. The initial release and subsequent commits
  to the master branch were written and locally tested using libpng v1.2.
  However, due to changes in the API starting with v1.5, members of some
  structs are no longer exposed and, instead, they are now accessed through
  public methods which interact directly with the private variables (similar to
  the concept of encapsulation in OOP). These methods include determination of
  width and height of the image. This was the cause of compilation errors on
  most recent distros. See png.h and pngconf.h for further details.

* Nullify uses its own implementation of doubly-linked lists through a set of
  functions defined in src/dllst.c. Those functions are provided to handle this
  kind of data structures in non-templatized and strongly typed programming
  languages such as C, and they are called from many locations of the project.
  However, there were several bugs in src/main.c when dllst_newitem() was called
  to add items of two or more long integers in 64-bit environments. This produced
  buffer overflows, SIGABRT being raised and program execution ending abnormally.

* One of the pending bugs in previous versions has been fixed up: the special
  case of "greedy player". That is, a player trying to get from the deck more
  cards than the available amount. Specifically, the program looped indefinitely
  in getcardfromdeck() function. Starting with this version, every time occurs
  that situation the player with more cards looses and they are put back onto
  the deck.
